# DisBot-Proj
This is a project that I did for one of my school's project. Here is the code for it. Proudly written in Python.

## Here is a few pointers
1. This is a school project, I did this in quite a short amount of time (I think two months?) so don't judge me if the code is bad.
2. I will spend time to improve it, so send in your requests and issues. I will try my best to address them.
3. This was meant to be a prototype, that means not all functions work as expected. Will address them later with the requests.
4. Also, this was meant to run on replit.com so some variables like the database and the environment variables may not work.
## Modules used
1. Discord.py
2. essentials_generator
3. time
4. flask (to keep replit happy)
5. threading (to keep replit happy)
## Background
For one of my projects, I did this in order to bond 2 groups of students together. Also automation is fun. So I created this bot which auto-scores and has different games
1. Riddles: This game basically automatically picks a riddle from the riddle list and expects answers back from user.
2. Spot the difference: Essentially the bot gives you a picture, after that you spot the difference between picture and real-life.
3. Typing Challenge: The bot essentially uses essentials_generator to generate a document, but my code limits it to 10 words. It expects output from user.
4. Mystery Box: Guess whats inside the box, if you guess 3, we give you the key.

Stations 2 and 4 requires keys that will be generated by random.randint()

## Setup
If using in Replit.com:
1. Load this repository into replit
2. Change the channel ids in the variables.py
3. Set the discord token for environment. The token name is 'TOKEN'

If not using on replit:
1. You can still use the keep-alive for a web server, but you can delete it from line 15 and 27 of main.py for resource management.
2. The point scoring will not work (as of 27/7/2022)
3.	The token management can be done separately, either put your token under the client.run section, replacing the code os.getenv('TOKEN') or you can put your token in the OS variables.

## Contributions and thanks
Thank you to my teammates for providing ideas for this discord bot. If any suggestions were to be made. I hope to implement them. 
